Feature/architecture 8.1.1 (#904)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/architectureChangelog.rst

   -  ``QNX65``: BlackBerry QNX 6.5
   -  ``QNX70``: BlackBerry QNX 7.0

.. _changelog-8.1.1:

[8.1.1] - 2024-03-xx
--------------------

Core Engine
~~~~~~~~~~~

> - [Multi] - Fixed call to ``LLKERNEL_IMPL_freeFeature(int32_t handle)`` with invalid handle when an FO file is corrupted or not compatible with the Core Engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Multi] - Fixed call to ``LLKERNEL_IMPL_freeFeature(int32_t handle)`` with handle ``0`` when a FO file is corrupted or not compatible with the Core Engine.
```

Foundation Libraries
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Fixed unexpected `java.lang.NullPointerException`_ when a runtime exception or a native exception occurs in a try-with-resources block, and the method `AutoCloseable.close()`_ throws an exception.
- Fixed `Throwable.getSuppressed()`_ which exposes a private mutable member.
- Fixed `Throwable.printStackTrace()`_ which does not print suppressed exceptions.
- Fixed `Throwable.printStackTrace()`_ which erroneously printed the thread name.

.. _AutoCloseable.close(): https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/java/lang/AutoCloseable.html#close--
.. _Throwable.getSuppressed(): https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/java/lang/Throwable.html#getSuppressed--
.. _Throwable.printStackTrace(): https://repository.microej.com/javadoc/microej_5.x/apis/java/lang/Throwable.html#printStackTrace--

Integration
~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Fixed copy of generated assembly files into the C project.

Reviewer: Move the line down and add ESP32 as these are the only COTS Architectures producting an assembly file

```suggestion
- [ESP32] Fixed copy of ``microejapp.s`` into the C project.
```

- Fixed properties defined in VEE Port ``release.properties`` file not passed to the SOAR.

> - Fixed Virtual Device that could not override HIL options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Virtual Device that could not override HIL options for debugging the Mock.
```

- Fixed build and run scripts end-of-line (EOL) characters if a Linux VEE port is built on Windows.

> - Removed warning messages related to missing HIL options when running the Simulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed warning messages related to missing HIL debug options when running the Simulator.
```

Simulator
~~~~~~~~~

- Fixed breakpoint not taken into account by IntelliJ Idea's debugger when a class is not loaded during the startup.
- Fixed boostrap thread which could be visible in the thread list when debugging.
- Fixed debugger error when clinit code takes time to execute.
- Fixed debugger stuck when stepping over another breakpoint in Eclipse.
- Fixed missing traces when debug logs are activated.

SOAR
~~~~

> - [Multi] - Fixed the 64 KB size limitation for sections that caused an ``AssertionError`` in the SOAR when building a Sandboxed Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Multi] - Fixed the 64 KB size limitation for Java Strings section that caused an ``AssertionError`` in the SOAR when building a Sandboxed Application.
```
